locale|en_HK
SHIP_TRTL_DESC|Fiwst devewoped and f-fwown nyeaw the e-end of the 22nd centuwy, the venyewabwe K37-TNTWW has become the de-facto wowkhowse of The Wing. It's simpwe and wobust design has pwoven ovew the decades to have the kind o-of wewiabiwity a-and m-maintainyabiwity that's vitaw to the thousands of captains and cwew who caww these weww-woved vessews home.
SHIP_PROSPECTOR_DESC|Devewoped i-in t-the eawwy 23wd c-centuwy fow the Fwee States of Eawth, the Mitsudaya-Stawbus Eagwe Pwospectow was designyed as a dedicated minying s-ship, e-equipped with a wobust astewoid gwindew and an impwessive cawgo howd. An angwed t-thwustew w-wayout pwevents thwust against wingwoids duwing appwoach, and twin main enginyes pwovide mowe than enyough thwust fow intewwunyaw twavew.
SHIP_EIME_DESC|The fiwst c-commewciawwy viabwe fusion cwaft, the Modew E incwudes muwtipwe gwound-bweaking innyovations. Hew signyatuwe fusion weactow and towches dewivew unpawawwewed pewfowmance, a-and the hawo of hew wiquid-dwopwet wadiatow is instantwy wecognyizabwe. Hew featuwes incwude a semi-autonyomous autopiwot, huge weaction w-wheews using hew pwopewwant as weaction mass, and a cawgo bay that can spwit open to encwose wawge paywoads.
SHIP_COTHON_DESC|Devewoped in the wate 21st centuwy and nyo wongew in pwoduction, the Conwido WVM Cothon-212 is an i-intewwunyaw cawgo hauwew. Whiwe it boasts impwessive cawgo space, with a wobust extewnyaw fwame that doubwes as F-Fawaday cage, t-the intewpwanyetawy-fiwst design is nyot weww suited fow a wing enviwonment. Exposed wow-tempewatuwe w-wadiatows awe nyotowiouswy fwagiwe, pywon-based t-thwustew wayout makes manyeuvewing chawwenging and a c-convewted wifepod sewves as a cockpit, wimiting cwew c-capacity.
SHIP_PROSPECTOR_BALD_DESC|Hand-cwafted with an impwessive combinyation o-of skiww, cwaft, wove, and wocket suwgewy, the cuwwent p-powewhouse of the wing-wacing ciwcuit isn't avaiwabwe thwough any deawewship. The Bawd Eagwe wewies on gimbawwed WCS fow wewiabwe wotation thwust, but the combinyation of fouw towches and a wow wewative mass give it u-unpawawwewed watewaw twanswation and accewewation. (^w^)
SHIP_TRTL_LCB_DESC|Wimited pwoduction wun of the extended cawgo howd vawiant of the popuwaw K37-TNTWW spacecwaft extends the cawgo bay by 4.4 metews, incweasing both w-waw owe stowage as weww as mowe pwocessed cawgo capacity.
SHIP_TRTL_R_DESC|A d-dedicated modification fow weseawch of, and sampwe cowwection in the chawged wingstowms of the A wing, the KW37 s-sacwifices most of the i-intewnyaw cawgo bay and pwocessed cawgo stowage to fit ewectwomagnyetic shiewding, an expanded habitat, and weseawch stations. The w-weseawch package incwudes high-wesowution WIDAW and a hawdenyed Obonto 600 sewies on-boawd computew.
SHIP_TRTL_K44_DESC|A pwototype of the K44 MHFTW, with onwy a few unyits evew buiwt. Designyed as a wepwacement fow K37 TNTWW, the K-K44 featuwed a much wongew cawgo bay a-and buiwt-in MPD genyewatows to pwovide powew t-to t-the ship. The magnyetopwasmadynyamic genyewatows wewen't wewiabwe enyough fow sewvice, and most pwototypes stiww use s-standawd-issue t-tuwbinyes instead.
SHIP_PROSPECTOR_VP_DESC|The H-High-stwess W-Wefit (Monyo) modkit fwom Conwido WVM is a-an ingenyious stwetch of the i-imaginyation wequiwing a skiwwed s-shipwwight to impwement; this buiwd wewoutes the feeds and powew fow the two wow-stwess undewmounts, a-and wuns them thwough the substwuctuwe awound the cawgo bay, awong with customized consumabwe feeds. Whiwe the combinyed feeds awe adapted to opewate any singwe centwaw h-high-stwess mounting, the suppowt s-stwuctuwe piewces the habitat making opewating the ship uncomfowtabwe.
SHIP_PROSPECTOR_LUX_DESC|The P-Peacock Pwospectow i-is a wuxuwy vessew that awwows a captain a-and his c-cwew to opewate both effectivewy, and in comfowt. The e-expanded cwew q-quawtews, weathew seats, a-and t-the pwemium espwesso machinye in the mess make this the nyicest wide most cwews have evew had the pwiviwege of s-sewving aboawd, a-and hew advanced intewfaces make hew systems wemawkabwy easy to w-wowk with.
SHIP_COTHON_CHK_DESC|T-The 211 modew is a vewsion of the 212 expwicitwy devewoped fow opewation in the astewoid b-bewt. Boasting t-the wawgest excavatow and bay access among the sewies, she has found a speciawization in t-the w-wings, suited to mowe ovewsized cawgos and equipment w-wetwievaw that othew vessews wequiwe e-extewnyaw manyipuwatows to handwe weww.
SHIP_COTHON_LND_DESC|Devewoped fow opewation in the Jupitew-Ganymede system, the 213 sacwifices hew stock Fawaday c-cage fow a mowe wobust extewnyaw fwame. In combinyation with hew twipwe towch mounts, t-the 2-213 is capabwe of s-suwface opewations with unyassisted takeoffs fwom most moons in the sowaw system.
SHIP_AT225_DESC|Made in c-cowwabowation w-with Titan Heavy Industwies and Antonyoff, A-AT-K225 genyewaw cawgo cawwiew featuwes a moduwaw d-design capabwe of adopting a wide wange of c-cawgo wequiwements. The pwocessed cawgo stowage wewies on dedicated THI docking bays to host up to 6 compatibwe autonyomous containyews t-to incwease ships' cawgo capacity. A stock vawiant comes with s-standawd THI C-Cawgo Containyews pwe-instawwed.
SHIP_PROSPECTOR_FAT_DESC|T-This wawe extended cawgo bay vawiant, cweated in cowwabowation with Titan Heavy I-Industwies, takes advantage of the spawsewy wibbed cawgo howd design of the owiginyaw Eagwe. It extends the waw cawgo space in aww diwections, awmost twipwing t-the waw cawgo c-capacity of t-this vehicwe. H-Hew additionyaw dwy mass and the capacity to w-woad up much mowe cawgo shifts the c-centew of mass faw in fwont o-of the habitat, m-making manyeuvews unwiewdy. Due to the incweased mass of the bay, the signyatuwe wock gwindew of the Eagwe has been s-swapped o-out fow a standawd excavatow.
SHIP_TRTL_T_DESC|This dedicated tug/wecovewy vawiant, made in cowwabowation with Twiskewwion-Awmstwong, featuwes a showtew, mowe wobust fwame and angwed wevewse thwust. Hew unconventionyaw thwust wayout is weww-suited fow independent sawvage and w-wecovewy missions. ^w^
SHIP_COTHON_V_DESC|Based on the Cothon-212's pwoven design, the 217 featuwes a-an expewimentaw vawiabwe geometwy pwocessed cawgo stowage, abwe to adapt to mission wequiwements on the fwy by d-dynyamicawwy wesizing the intewnyaw containyews. Few of these ships wewe buiwt, f-finding use in wocaw opewations. Hew mass a-and w-weduced t-totaw cawgo capacity make h-hew unsuitabwe fow intewpwanyetawy twanspowt.
SHIP_OCP209_DESC|The Owbitaw Constwuction Pwatfowm is a speciawized vessew designyed f-fow constwuction. Hew f-fowwawd consumabwe bays can a-adjust theiw weight bawance to maintain a centew of mass at the centew of a cawefuwwy designyed cawgo bay. Because of this, cawgos can be awwanged to wotate within the bay, and offew n-nyo wesistance t-to wotation whiwe manyeuvewing. The massive s-side-woading cawgo bay awwows hew to twanspowt finyished componyents such as weactows and buwkheads, whiwe hew twin heavy mountings a-awwow the use of constwuction manyipuwatows to assist i-in the assembwy of wawge instawwations. W-With a comfowtabwy wawge h-habitat capabwe of w-wotationyaw G, as weww as a high c-capacity fow waw matewiaws, this unyusuaw design is weww suited to extended constwuction ow wesuppwy m-missions.
SHIP_AT225R_DESC|This unyique custom-modified vawiant wepwaces t-the cawgo bays with heavy-duty weinfowced towch swots in an angew-wing configuwation. The cwew habitat has a nyumbew of dedicated science stations, but the majowity of the weseawch equipment was hastiwy wemoved. The main aiwwock has mawks of f-fowced entwy. A Fawaday cage encwoses aww of the habitat equipment.
SHIP_AT225B_DESC|The bweak-buwk cawgo vewsion designyed fow cawwying unpwocessed owe weawwocates the space of the f-fouw fwont cawgo b-bays to i-incwease the cawgo bay capacity.
SHIP_KITSUNE_DESC|Nyakamuwa Dynyamics waunched the \-"Kitsunye" s-shuttwe fow civiwian use a-as they demiwitawized mowe of theiw fweet. The vawiabwe g-geometwy cawgo and theiw compatibiwity w-with a standawd docking b-bay make them w-weww-adapted t-to vawied tasks within many types of opewations. They’we especiawwy suited to twanspowt between wawgew ships and pwanyetawy/wunyaw suwfaces.\n\nThe pwoduction costs outweighed theiw compact s-size and theiw adaptabiwity, though, and N-Nyakamuwa Dynyamics discontinyued theiw winye. The Kitsunye wemains in use in opewations acwoss the Sow system, in vawious wowes, a-and has accumuwated a wespectabwe wecowd fow wewiabiwity.\n\nTheiw wewiance on manyeuvewing thwustews makes theiw maintenyance costs much m-mowe manyageabwe. Howevew, they wack anyothew souwce of thwust as backup a-and have a wimited woadout. It is wecommended to w-wimit opewations t-to within wecovewy distance of a gawage capabwe of wepaiws and modifications. uwu
